well out of there I don't know people
it's Bo again so tonight I'm gonna tell
you a story you can tell on Thanksgiving
as we get older those grade school
stories well they just don't mean that
much anymore but I still like the idea
of Thanksgiving so we got a different
story and it is a great story it's not
from this continent but it has
everything the story of somebody coming
from poverty to achieve great things the
ultimate sacrifice and dedication to
duty political infighting environmental
consciousness has it all what school
story okay on to the story there's this
guy and he grew up in this rural town
and growing up while this guy knew
hunger he knew hunger crop failures had
hit his town he didn't want anybody to
experience that again so he dedicated
his life to ending famine pretty big
goal there in pursuit of that he taught
himself over the years 15 languages so
he could talk to local farmers as he
traveled the world trying to figure it
out and he was one of the first people
that really understood what the loss of
biodiversity would mean for the world
because of that he started gathering
samples seeds from all over the world
we corn cereal foods all kinds of stuff
he said that it said that he's the
greatest plant explorer and he took
these in these wound up being the basis
for the first seed bank now this took
place in the Soviet Union
his name was a Nikolai Vavilov
well there was another plant guy and
that guy had Stalin's ear and eventually
he denounced like 3,000 people
Vavilov was one of them and he was sent
to the gulags with a 20-year sentence
where he starved to death has something
straight out of Shakespeare right there
but the story is not over his seed bank
well it was put in Leningrad during
World War two
he do not know who Leningrad was under
siege it was said that Leningrad must
starve that seed bank was uh occupied a
whole bunch of scientists
and they weren't there to eat the food
they were there to protect him and
through the darkest days of the siege
they didn't eat one grain of rice beans
nothing and one by one nine of them died
of starvation surrounded by stuff they
could eat because it was that important
to keep those samples interestingly
enough some of the food it's gonna be on
your table
Thanksgiving more than likely is
something that was crossbred with seeds
from that seed bank it's a great story
I mean when you really think about it
people that dedicated to helping others
they literally just waste away right
next to food guy travels the world to
gather samples because he sees a problem
that can reality there's still people
today that still don't understand how
big it is
the idea of Thanksgiving
being thankful for food
I think it fits anyway it's just a fall
I have a good night